                action, without limiting Mapbox’s other rights and remedies, Customer shall pay for all fees that
                would have otherwise been owed.
    1.4.​ Attribution and Logo.
         1.4.1.​Mandatory Attribution. When using any Service Offering, Customer shall include the following
                attribution, as further described in the Attribution Documentation (i) the Mapbox logo, (ii) “©
                Mapbox” that links to www.mapbox.com/about/maps, (iii) “© OpenStreetMap” that links to
                www.openstreetmap.org/about, and (iv) upon reasonable notice, other attribution, similar in size
                and placement to the notices specified in (ii) and (iii), as may be required by Mapbox’s suppliers and
                licensors; provided that the requirements in clauses (ii) and (iii) only apply when Customer accesses
                or uses Licensed Map Content.
         1.4.2.​Mapbox Map. When displaying a Mapbox Map, Customer shall also include “Improve this map” that
                links to Mapbox’s map feedback tool at www.mapbox.com/map-feedback (or its successor URL) in
                the lower right corner of the map.
         1.4.3.​Form and Format. Customer shall include attribution in a form that is prominent and can be easily
                viewed by End Users when using the Licensed Application. Without limiting Mapbox’s other rights
                and remedies, if Mapbox reasonably determines that Customer is obscuring the required attribution
                or otherwise not complying with the foregoing attribution requirements, Customer shall work with



Mapbox Product Terms (2026-07)​                            2
                                              Mapbox Product Terms

                Mapbox in good faith and promptly remedy the non-compliant attribution.
    1.5.​ No Derived Works, Reverse Engineering, or Competitive Uses. Customer shall not (i) modify, create
          derived works from, disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer, or attempt to derive any
          source code or underlying structure, ideas, or algorithms from the Service Offerings, (ii) use the Service
         2.7.1.​General. Customer shall not use Geocoding Results (i) to develop a general database of
                points-of-interest, locations, addresses, areas or boundaries (of any geographic size), (ii) to develop
                any general purpose printed or digital map (of any geographic size), (iii) to develop or test another
                geocoding application, dataset, service or API, (iv) in connection with navigation products
                preinstalled or integrated into vehicles by vehicle manufacturers, vehicle electronic component
                manufacturers or vehicle system integrators (unless an additional license for vehicle usage is
                purchased under an active Order), or (v) for in-flight navigation. In addition, Customer shall not (a)
                resell, re-syndicate or otherwise make available any Geocoding Results to other publishers or third
                parties or (b) display the latitudes or longitudes directly to End Users or other third parties.
         2.7.2.​Temporary Geocodes. Customer shall not export, store, or cache Temporary Geocodes. Customer
                may display Temporary Geocodes (other than the latitudes and longitudes) to its End Users through
                its Licensed Application(s) and use Temporary Geocodes to position results on a map.
         2.7.3.​Permanent Geocodes. Customer may permanently store Permanent Geocodes and may query the
                Geocoding API programmatically for Permanent Geocodes. Customer shall only use Permanent
                Geocodes for Customer’s own internal business use. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
                Customer may use Permanent Geocodes in its Licensed Application if all following conditions are
                fulfilled (i) access to Permanent Geocodes cannot be a primary or significant feature of a Licensed
                Application but only used to support an ancillary or incidental feature, (ii) a separate API request for
                a Permanent Geocode shall be made for each End User account that accesses, uses, or relies on
                such Permanent Geocode in any way, (iii) the Licensed Application shall not allow an End User to
                sublicense, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, disclose, or distribute a Permanent Geocode to any
                other End User or third party, and (iv) if Permanent Geocodes are displayed in a Licensed
                Application, latitudes and longitudes may not be made available to End Users.
         2.7.4.​Studio Points as Permanent Geocodes. Points placed on a map through the places search function



Mapbox Product Terms (2026-07)​                            6
                                                Mapbox Product Terms

                of the Studio dataset editor are Permanent Geocodes and are subject to the terms applicable to
                Permanent Geocodes.
         2.7.5.​POI Results. Customer shall not use any POI Results (i) except in conjunction with a Mapbox Map,
                (ii) for lead generation, advertiser targeting or advertising analysis, or (iii) to create or augment user
                profiles or audience segments based on or derived from points-of-interest results (including, for
                clarity, calculations or analysis of footfall traffic for any point-of-interest).
         2.7.6.​Location Details API. Customer may store and use Mapbox Feature IDs included in Geocoding
                Results for its internal business purposes. At any time without notice, Mapbox may modify or
                remove a Mapbox Feature ID and/or any data associated with a Mapbox Feature ID.
         2.7.7.​URL data. URLs provided by a Service Offering grant no license or right to use, reproduce, or display
                the linked content. Customer is solely responsible for obtaining any rights needed to use it.
    2.8.​ Mapping APIs.
         2.8.1.​For Licensed Map Content delivered through a Mapping API, Customer may cache that Licensed
                Map Content on an End User’s device but caching is limited to thirty (30) days on the same device
                making the Mapping API request. For clarity, the Licensed Application is required to populate any
                on-device cache of Licensed Map Content delivered through Mapping APIs directly from the
                Mapping APIs. On mobile devices, Customer shall only cache up to the limits set in the Mobile SDKs,
                and Customer shall not circumvent or change those limits. Customer shall not distribute Licensed
                Map Content, including from a cache, by proxying, or by using a screenshot or other static image
                instead of accessing Licensed Map Content directly from the Mapping APIs.
         2.8.2.​Customer shall not use Mapbox’s satellite and/or aerial imagery to improve the accuracy of or
                otherwise enhance any imagery.
         2.8.3.​In order to qualify for Seats for Web or Map Loads fees, Customer shall use a Qualified Renderer. In
                the event that Customer fails to use, or interferes with the information sent by, the Qualified
                Renderer, without limiting Mapbox’s other rights and remedies, Customer shall pay for its usage
                based on the number of API requests at the then-current rates listed on the Pricing Page.
