# Fetched 2026-08-27 from https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1-0/ — ODbL 1.0, sections 1.0 (definitions) and 4.2-4.7.


1.0 Definitions of Capitalised Words“Collective Database” – Means this Database in unmodified form as part
of a collection of independent databases in themselves that together are
assembled into a collective whole. A work that constitutes a Collective
Database will not be considered a Derivative Database.

“Convey” – As a verb, means Using the Database, a Derivative Database,
or the Database as part of a Collective Database in any way that enables
a Person to make or receive copies of the Database or a Derivative
Database. Conveying does not include interaction with a user through a
computer network, or creating and Using a Produced Work, where no
transfer of a copy of the Database or a Derivative Database occurs.
“Contents” – The contents of this Database, which includes the
information, independent works, or other material collected into the
Database. For example, the contents of the Database could be factual
data or works such as images, audiovisual material, text, or sounds.

“Database” – A collection of material (the Contents) arranged in a
systematic or methodical way and individually accessible by electronic
or other means offered under the terms of this License.

“Database Directive” – Means Directive 96/9/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, as amended or succeeded.

“Database Right” – Means rights resulting from the Chapter III (“sui
generis”) rights in the Database Directive (as amended and as transposed
by member states), which includes the Extraction and Re-utilisation of
the whole or a Substantial part of the Contents, as well as any similar
rights available in the relevant jurisdiction under Section 10.4.

“Derivative Database” – Means a database based upon the Database, and
includes any translation, adaptation, arrangement, modification, or any
other alteration of the Database or of a Substantial part of the
Contents. This includes, but is not limited to, Extracting or
Re-utilising the whole or a Substantial part of the Contents in a new
Database.

“Extraction” – Means the permanent or temporary transfer of all or a
Substantial part of the Contents to another medium by any means or in
any form.

“License” – Means this license agreement and is both a license of rights
such as copyright and Database Rights and an agreement in contract.

“Licensor” – Means the Person that offers the Database under the terms
of this License.

“Person” – Means a natural or legal person or a body of persons
corporate or incorporate.

“Produced Work” – a work (such as an image, audiovisual material, text,
or sounds) resulting from using the whole or a Substantial part of the
Contents (via a search or other query) from this Database, a Derivative
Database, or this Database as part of a Collective Database.

“Publicly” – means to Persons other than You or under Your control by
either more than 50% ownership or by the power to direct their
activities (such as contracting with an independent consultant).

“Re-utilisation” – means any form of making available to the public all
or a Substantial part of the Contents by the distribution of copies, by
renting, by online or other forms of transmission.

“Substantial” – Means substantial in terms of quantity or quality or a
combination of both. The repeated and systematic Extraction or
Re-utilisation of insubstantial parts of the Contents may amount to the
Extraction or Re-utilisation of a Substantial part of the Contents.

“Use” – As a verb, means doing any act that is restricted by copyright
or Database Rights whether in the original medium or any other; and
includes without limitation distributing, copying, publicly performing,
publicly displaying, and preparing derivative works of the Database, as
well as modifying the Database as may be technically necessary to use it
in a different mode or format.

“You” – Means a Person exercising rights under this License who has not
previously violated the terms of this License with respect to the
Database, or who has received express permission from the Licensor to

---- 4.2 to 4.7 ----
must:

a. Do so only under the terms of this License or another license
permitted under Section 4.4;

b. Include a copy of this License (or, as applicable, a license
permitted under Section 4.4) or its Uniform Resource Identifier (URI)
with the Database or Derivative Database, including both in the
Database or Derivative Database and in any relevant documentation; and

c. Keep intact any copyright or Database Right notices and notices
that refer to this License.

d. If it is not possible to put the required notices in a particular
file due to its structure, then You must include the notices in a
location (such as a relevant directory) where users would be likely to
look for it.

4.3 Notice for using output (Contents). Creating and Using a Produced
Work does not require the notice in Section 4.2. However, if you
Publicly Use a Produced Work, You must include a notice associated with
the Produced Work reasonably calculated to make any Person that uses,
views, accesses, interacts with, or is otherwise exposed to the Produced
Work aware that Content was obtained from the Database, Derivative
Database, or the Database as part of a Collective Database, and that it
is available under this License.

a. Example notice. The following text will satisfy notice under
Section 4.3:

Contains information from DATABASE NAME, which is made available
here under the Open Database License (ODbL).

DATABASE NAME should be replaced with the name of the Database and a
hyperlink to the URI of the Database. “Open Database License” should
contain a hyperlink to the URI of the text of this License. If
hyperlinks are not possible, You should include the plain text of the
required URI’s with the above notice.

4.4 Share alike.

a. Any Derivative Database that You Publicly Use must be only under
the terms of:

i. This License;

ii. A later version of this License similar in spirit to this
License; or

iii. A compatible license.

If You license the Derivative Database under one of the licenses
mentioned in (iii), You must comply with the terms of that license.

b. For the avoidance of doubt, Extraction or Re-utilisation of the
whole or a Substantial part of the Contents into a new database is a
Derivative Database and must comply with Section 4.4.

c. Derivative Databases and Produced Works. A Derivative Database is
Publicly Used and so must comply with Section 4.4. if a Produced Work
created from the Derivative Database is Publicly Used.

d. Share Alike and additional Contents. For the avoidance of doubt,
You must not add Contents to Derivative Databases under Section 4.4 a
that are incompatible with the rights granted under this License.

e. Compatible licenses. Licensors may authorise a proxy to determine
compatible licenses under Section 4.4 a iii. If they do so, the
authorised proxy’s public statement of acceptance of a compatible
license grants You permission to use the compatible license.

4.5 Limits of Share Alike. The requirements of Section 4.4 do not apply
in the following:

a. For the avoidance of doubt, You are not required to license
Collective Databases under this License if You incorporate this
Database or a Derivative Database in the collection, but this License
still applies to this Database or a Derivative Database as a part of
the Collective Database;

b. Using this Database, a Derivative Database, or this Database as
part of a Collective Database to create a Produced Work does not
create a Derivative Database for purposes of Section 4.4; and

c. Use of a Derivative Database internally within an organisation is
not to the public and therefore does not fall under the requirements
of Section 4.4.

4.6 Access to Derivative Databases. If You Publicly Use a Derivative
Database or a Produced Work from a Derivative Database, You must also
offer to recipients of the Derivative Database or Produced Work a copy
in a machine readable form of:

a. The entire Derivative Database; or

b. A file containing all of the alterations made to the Database or
the method of making the alterations to the Database (such as an
algorithm), including any additional Contents, that make up all the
differences between the Database and the Derivative Database.

The Derivative Database (under a.) or alteration file (under b.) must be
available at no more than a reasonable production cost for physical
distributions and free of charge if distributed over the internet.

4.7 Technological measures and additional terms

a. This License does not allow You to impose (except subject to
Section 4.7 b.) any terms or any technological measures on the
Database, a Derivative Database, or the whole or a Substantial part of
the Contents that alter or restrict the terms of this License, or any
rights granted under it, or have the effect or intent of restricting
the ability of any person to exercise those rights.

b. Parallel distribution. You may impose terms or technological
measures on the Database, a Derivative Database, or the whole or a
Substantial part of the Contents (a “Restricted Database”) in
contravention of Section 4.7 a. only if You also make a copy of the
Database or a Derivative Database available to the recipient of the
Restricted Database:

i. That is available without additional fee;

ii. That is available in a medium that does not alter or restrict
