SOURCE: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms  (Google Maps Platform Terms of Service)
FETCHED: 2026-08-28 (curl). EXTRACT: 3.2.2-3.2.3.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
 3.2.2 Requirements for Using the Services .
 (a) Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
 (i) The Customer Application’s terms of service will (A) notify users that the Customer Application includes Google Maps features and content; and (B) state that use of Google Maps features and content is subject to the then-current versions of the: (1) Google Maps End User Additional Terms of Service at https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps/ ; and (2) Google Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy .
 (ii) If the Customer Application allows users to include the Google Maps Core Services in Downstream Products, then Customer will contractually require that all Downstream Products’ terms of service satisfy the same notice and flow-down requirements that apply to the Customer Application under Section 3.2.2 (a) (i) (Terms of Service and Privacy Policy).
 (iii) If users of the Customer Application (and Downstream Products, if any) fail to comply with the applicable terms of the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service, then Customer will take appropriate enforcement action, including Suspending or terminating those users’ use of Google Maps features and content in the Customer Application or Downstream Products.
 (b) Attribution . Customer will display all attribution that (i) Google provides through the Services (including branding, logos, and copyright and trademark notices); or (ii) is specified in the Maps Service Specific Terms. Customer will not modify, obscure, or delete such attribution.
 (c) Review of Customer Applications . At Google’s request, Customer will submit Customer Application(s) and Project(s) to Google for review to ensure compliance with the Agreement (including the AUP).
 3.2.3 Restrictions Against Misusing the Services .
 (a) No Scraping . Customer will not export, extract, or otherwise scrape Google Maps Content for use outside the Services. For example, Customer will not: (i) pre-fetch, index, store, reshare, or rehost Google Maps Content outside the services; (ii) bulk download Google Maps tiles, Street View images, geocodes, directions, distance matrix results, roads information, places information, elevation values, and time zone details; (iii) copy and save business names, addresses, or user reviews; or (iv) use Google Maps Content with text-to-speech services.
 (b) No Caching . Customer will not cache Google Maps Content except as expressly permitted under the Maps Service Specific Terms.
 (c) No Creating Content From Google Maps Content . Customer will not create content based on Google Maps Content. For example, Customer will not: (i) trace or digitize roadways, building outlines, utility posts, or electrical lines from the Maps JavaScript API Satellite base map type; (ii) create 3D building models from 45° Imagery from Maps JavaScript API; (iii) build terrain models based on elevation values from the Elevation API; (iv) use latitude/longitude values from the Places API as an input for point-in-polygon analysis; (v) construct an index of tree locations within a city from Street View imagery; (vi) convert text-based driving times into synthesized speech results; or (vii) use Google Maps Content to improve machine learning and artificial intelligence models, including to train, test, validate or fine-tune the models.
 (d) No Re-Creating Google Products or Features . Customer will not use the Services to create a product or service with features that are substantially similar to or that re-create the features of another Google product or service. Customer’s product or service must contain substantial, independent value and features beyond the Google products or services. For example, Customer will not: (i) re-distribute the Google Maps Core Services or pass them off as if they were Customer’s services; (ii) use the Google Maps Core Services to create a substitute of the Google Maps Core Services, Google Maps, or Google Maps mobile apps, or their features; (iii) use the Google Maps Core Services in a listings or directory service or to create or augment an advertising product; (iv) combine data from the Directions API, Geolocation API, and Maps SDK for Android to create real-time navigation functionality substantially similar to the functionality provided by the Google Maps for Android mobile app.
 (e) No Use With Non-Google Maps . To avoid quality issues and/or brand confusion, Customer will not use the Google Maps Core Services with or near a non-Google Map in a Customer Application. For example, Customer will not (i) display or use Places content on a non-Google Map, (ii) display Street View imagery and non-Google Maps on the same screen, or (iii) link a Google Map to non-Google Maps Content or a non-Google Map.
 (f) No Use in Embedded Vehicle Systems . Customer will not use the Google Maps Core Services in connection with any Customer Application or device embedded in a vehicle. For example, Customer will not create a Customer Application that (i) is embedded in an in-dashboard automotive infotainment system; and (ii) allows End Users to request driving directions from the Directions API.
 (g) No Modifying Search Results Integrity . Customer will not modify any of the Google Maps Core Services’ search results.
